{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
{\*\background {\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft0\shptop0\shpright0\shpbottom0\shpfhdr0\shpbxmargin\shpbymargin\shpwr0\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt1\shpz0\shplid1025{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fillColor}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn lineWidth}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fLine}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn bWMode}{\sv 9}}{\sp{\sn fBackground}{\sv 1}}}}}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf1 "I'm going to explain what I'm doing throughout this piece, I even have a script written. You can stand up, or you can sit down, you could read the script alongside me if you want. It's the last piece before intermission, so it's up to you. I guess you could even leave. \
\
*flip coin, don't look at coin*\
\
I have two versions of this piece, sorta like the different Bladerunner versions, there's the theatrical cut, where Deckard does a crime noir narration over the whole movie, and then there's the director's cut, which omits the narration. \
\
*take a transducer mic, put it up to a shield*\
\
The theatrical cut of Bladerunner is empirically the worst version of the movie, so maybe this is a bad idea. The narration in Bladerunner goes through Deckard's thoughts, explaining so much of the film that should've been left up to ambiguity. That sorta means, by me narrating this piece, I'm choosing the less nuanced version. But the coin flip, that determined which version I'm doing.\
\
*wait a bit*\
\
That's a lie, the coin flip didn't matter, there was only ever one version of the piece. I mean I didn't even look at the coin when it landed.\
\
*wait a bit*\
\
I'm trying to get this little guy to go faster. The "magic", is that whenever he is close enough to the transducer microphone, he speeds up a little. If I get him going fast enough, well, the rhythm changes, and the piece progresses, it gets more interesting and exciting. I'm going to ignore you for you a bit and play with this.\
\
*get one to the sine phase*\
\
*step back*\
\
I hope this isn't pandering, Scott mentioned how he hates when conductors do a commentary during a piece they're performing. The conducter believes that the audience needs more eludiciation to understand why a piece is beautiful, that an audience needs to be told that they just don't appreciate music enough, and only through the conductor's divine interpretation does.. whatever.. happen. I hope I'm not doing that to y'all, really, I like you all quite a lot.\
\
*get the other to the sine phase*\
\
*step back*\
\
This part, when it got fast enough, it changed into a sine wave pattern. Thats what this back and forth motion is, a sine wave. There is a more constant sound here, more excitement, stuff, blah blah blah.\
\
Do you all think Deckard was a replicant? From Bladerunner, Harrison Ford, you think he was a replicant?\
\
*play*\
\
I decided to add a narration because it's something that could possibly *kill* the piece. \
\
I did have an original idea for *this*, but it really wasn't exciting to me. That idea didn't include me talking, and at first seemed ideal; it was simple, elegant, a neatly contained system. There'd be this enigmatic figure, moving between the lights, the light affecting the sound, the sound affecting the light. Sorta like Gaff in Bladerunner, that's the guy who made the paper cranes. But it just wasn't exciting enough. \
\
And maybe that's just how I feel this week, maybe last week I was content with elegance and simplicity.  \
\
God, I hope this doesn't just turn into a tech demo, that'd be worse than that conducter thing I talked about earlier.\
\
There's this one little blue motherfucker, this whole thing is supposed to be purple, but this one LED has a messed up red channel. Since it takes red and blue to make purple, we only get blue.\
\
Oh well.\
\
*dark phase*\
\
*relax posture*\
\
I'm not done, I've always wanted to do that. Danny Clarke hates how people know when to clap because of a relaxation in posture, that was for you Danny.\
\
If that applause break hadn't have happened, this moment would've been the "drama". The appearance of nothing working. Some sort of theater that showcases a failure.\
\
The LEDs aren't shining, and they've been so far my only source of sound; so I have a figure out a way to get audio. Since sound drives the lights, and lights drive the sound, the light doesn't work, well then what then?\
\
Maybe I go through the code on stage, to make sure there isn't a bug, \
\
*go through code*\
\
but that's scripted as well. Maybe I should place the transducer microphone close to the computer. \
\
*place transducer on the computer"\
\
Maybe I should mess with how the sound changes as the look through the code.\
\
*look through code*\
\
*play*\
\
There is a sort of narrative, where I push the LEDs hard enough until they fail. \
\
Let's push them\
\
*play*\
\
This last one though, I really do push it to a point where they really break. I'm not really sure what breaks it, I've just found a method to break it. But I guess you can't really trust that, I mean, it's not like they're going to explode, they're just going to glitch out. \
\
But did I program in this glitch out? \
\
Well, I didn't, it actually glitches out. If you believe me.\
\
That guy who made the little cranes in Bladerunner, his name was Gaff, do you think he was a replicant? Gaff, the one played by Edward James Olmos, the real mysterious guy. In the theatrical cut, they completely ruin the magic behind the character; the narration explains exactly who he is, that he'd been a cop for ages, and worked all the dirty jobs to get to a comfortable position of power; he became sort of a nobody. But in the director's cut of Bladerunner, the one where the narration is omitted, his character was my favorite part about the movie. Maybe I should've done this performance without the narration.\
\
Since it's my last ESP concert, I wanted to end this with a song. The song choice is fitting, since I'm going to "break" the system in a bit. I'll just let it play as the system dies, then you'll have a nice intermission.\
}